[*] Segment - Handle association error on resource count (#295)
ForestAdmin/forest-rails: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - Segment - Handle filter on a bad association or a bad field in resource getter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Collection - Avoid crash when filtering on a bad association or a bad field in resource getter.
```

> - Technical - Add test for resource getter.

Reviewer: Could you be more explicit here
